# ArtifactoryWebApi Namespace


Main namespace for ArtifactoryWebApi



## Classes
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="41aad973-7a7f-1e30-b38a-81503a89f1a3">AdminPrivileges</a></td>
<td>Represents the administrative privileges for managing members, resources, and indexing resources.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="214800f8-17f4-d8c7-736d-e57a039a6686">Artifactory</a></td>
<td>Represents a client for interacting with the Artifactory API, providing methods for managing projects, repositories, storage, and more.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="856e526c-1728-dd8c-2a47-1f97b75f359f">ArtifactoryVersion</a></td>
<td>Represents the version and revision information of the Artifactory server.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9249d60d-d600-5f94-fbcf-891915d6c17c">BinariesSummary</a></td>
<td>Represents a summary of binary and artifact statistics.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86927212-a1bf-4ec4-408f-d078e2590569">Checksums</a></td>
<td>Represents the checksum values for a file or artifact.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa1076ec-e9b2-fd33-2962-565eec33d326">Child</a></td>
<td>Represents a child resource, which can be either a file or a folder.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97a0c458-0c65-5fbe-ea8d-f04a6db115d4">File</a></td>
<td>Represents a file or folder in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56cb14e3-edec-97ae-bbd4-cb29a308308a">FileStoreSummary</a></td>
<td>Represents a summary of the file store, including storage type and directory information.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="478bac69-b53f-418b-00f8-108b089ec2f3">JFrogVersion</a></td>
<td>Represents the version information for a JFrog product or service.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02b666b5-2f54-c45a-db87-fcc17aaa89a1">MdTimestamps</a></td>
<td>Represents metadata timestamps associated with a file or folder.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="280399b3-78c4-4653-9828-07e8d0759b57">Project</a></td>
<td>Represents a project in the Artifactory system, including its metadata and administrative settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c6421a6-d7dd-2819-932b-c15f3eadf9e1">RepositoriesSummary</a></td>
<td>Represents a summary of a repository in the Artifactory system, including its metadata and usage statistics.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="107e4f78-4755-f6d1-1350-6a9f7d4bc1cf">Repository</a></td>
<td>Represents a repository in the Artifactory system, including its metadata and configuration.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6ddf40e-144d-1189-ed67-3ded4542ab2d">RepositoryConfiguration</a></td>
<td>Represents the configuration of a repository in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1378c1d-f72c-3df8-b8d7-925781091834">Storage</a></td>
<td>Represents storage information for a file or folder in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8227b0ff-f209-0982-ab4e-a223f0f332da">StorageInfo</a></td>
<td>Represents storage information in the Artifactory system, including repository summaries, file store details, and binary statistics.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01ff4904-4c28-8507-f731-00066a7d071b">StorageList</a></td>
<td>Represents a list of files in a specific storage location within the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9825d9c-79c3-11ba-00f7-82e9b95040c7">StorageStats</a></td>
<td>Represents statistics related to the storage and usage of a file or resource in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
</table>

## Enumerations
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="575bc164-9c33-129e-e97b-99b5854e9ea8">PackageType</a></td>
<td>Represents the type of a package in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85a8848d-f14d-6d5e-58f4-36d9cefc19fa">RepositoryType</a></td>
<td>Represents the type of a repository in the Artifactory system.</td></tr>
</table>